feat: added premission system section and snippet (#76)
HytaleModding/site: content/docs/en/established-information/server-plugin-insights.mdx

### License
The license permits usage for any **hytale related** things, so as long as you dont use the server / source to make your own game or sell their algorithms.

# Permission system

After being asked in the Hytle Modding server, Lead Architect Zero has replied:

> Its quite basic, so don't expect much but yes we do have a permissions system built in. It also support implementing your own backend if you wanted to say store it in a DB

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It's quite basic, so don't expect much but yes we do have a permissions system built in. It also support implementing your own backend. Ex. if you wanted to store it in a database. 
```
